chore: Add templates for pull requests and releases (#11)
anaconda/anaconda-cli: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Summary

> <!--Link the Jira ticket number below, or delete it if there's none.-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--Link the Jira ticket number below, or make one to keep Elize sane-->
```

Author: Lol. I put this because I don't think we should create Jira issues to update the README.

I think for now we can trust our discretion on this.
